Advanced parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The value of the outer scale of the optical turbulence is set by the parameter `L0`. This parameter is not well-constrained by measurement, but is thought to be in the range of order 10-100 meters for typical astronomical observatories. The default value of this parameter is 7000, which is 1000 times as large as the default value for `r0`. So for :math:`r_0=60` cm then the outer scale simulated is 600m, which will likely give a conservative estimate of the large-scale fluctuations. At optical wavelengths where the physical size of :math:`r_0` may be 10\,cm, then this set of parameter settings corresponds to an outer scale of 100m which is more realistic. 

The sizes of the FFTs for the woofer and tweeter screens can be adjusted for different situations if required. The largest spatial scale simulated is given by `nfftTweeter*nfftWoofer/(2*frequencyOverlap)` tweeter pixels. The default values of `nfftTweeter`=256, `nfftWoofer=256` and `frequencyOverlap=4`, give 8192 pixels as the maximum scale that can be represented in one dimension - the other dimension is semi-infinite. The value of `L0` could be up to :math:`2\pi` larger than this with relatively little effect because of the way :math:`L_0` is defined in the Von Karman model. Keeping the FFTs less than 1024 pixels on a side will mean that effects of typical CPU cache sizes on processing speed are minimised. Setting both `nfftWoofer` and `nfftTweeter` to 1024 gives a maximum spatial scale size of 131,072 pixels, comfortably exceeding the 4 orders of magnitude claimed in the abstract.
